# University student daily time spent on social media

Being a university student, social media had become an important platform to us. To be able to communicate with our lecturers, our course mates, getting the latest information and many more things that you can do on social media. 

Social media is not something new to us as we had been using it for a long period of time. When social media first started off, it was just to let people to communicate digitally but nowadays social media can do more than that. A person can share about what they do today on their Facebook Story, Instagram Story and WhatsApp status. Other than sharing about their daily life, they can also sell things online like cakes, clothes, shoes, bracelets and more. Social media had become such a convenient platform to all of us that we can know what is going on at the other side of the world without the need to travel there. And we can even say that social media had play an important role in our life. 

A person no longer need to wait 3 to 4 days to receive a letter of reply but they can just easily send a text and get a reply within minutes sometimes even within seconds. This shows how much social media had been making life easier. So, the reason why we choose to do this story because it’s something close to us. This is because as university students there is never a day that you don’t use your social media. No matter how less time you spend on social media you will still need to open your social media at least once a day.
